[Music]
a big piece behind the art of
accomplishment and how it's growing is
that you train coaches and facilitators
and we've never talked about that in uh
in a direct way on the podcast and I'd
love to get into that first of all i'
say like what what makes you qualified
to train coaches and facilitators and
what makes you do it oh great I [__]
qualified that is an excellent
question on the qualified P I don't
really believe generally in qualific
ations I I've had people who have been
extremely qualified with multiple
degrees
in as my um as my coaches or slash
therapists in my life and some of them
are just amazing and some of them are
horrible and the the qualification as
far as like standards Go is is the same
and so I don't really I don't really
believe in that kind of qualifications
you know like I I think the same way
with entrepreneurs I think a some at one
point it was like 75% of them had all
dropped out of college at some point so
the successful ones so I I'm not
qualification is a weird word for me the
only thing that makes me qualified then
is that people ask Tara and I to to
teach them how to coach so they see what
I do and they think oh that's
something that that I if I see that that
person must be able to teach it and
therefore they come to me and they ask
to be taught and so that's the only
thing that qualifies me is that there's
a demand and and I and I coach in a way
that people like or or want to learn
from yeah so what what made you
transition
from from your own coaching and
facilitation to to teaching
it yeah I mean part of it was the demand
and part of it is a a vision that I hold
right so if I look at the the the
mission behind everything I do it's how
do I create a a more undefended heart
opened empowered world to me that's
that's what I'm interested in that's
like that's my little Lego set that I
want to build right like that seems cool
to me and
so and so the the question is how to
best do that and it's one of the ways
that I find it's really great to do that
is work with leaders of companies that
you know where there's influence over
tens of thousands of people and one of
the ways is to
create a system that it allows for lots
of people to be able to find their
wisdom and to be able to pass it on and
and and then not only just pass on their
wisdom but it also means
like a a wisdom passing on tradition
that is more about helping people find
their wisdom than it is about giving
them wisdom right so it's really
important to me that uh that I'm a part
of a system if if I'm going to create a
system or be a a part of a system it's
one that allows people to find their
wisdom not something that says this is
the wisdom and now that you have it you
can X Y or
Z yeah yeah and there's a interesting
piece there which is that when when I
what I've seen from people coming and
doing this work and from my own
experience is that the more we do the
work in ourselves the more we have the
capacity to be with others because we're
not trying to give them our wisdom or
change them or make them be a certain
way we're actually just on our own
journey of exploration which is a way
better way to be with somebody as a
coach or a
facilitator yeah I mean in in I would
say in in what we're doing that's
absolutely the case and even to the
point
where like some people come to me and
they see what I do coaching wise they
feel like it's magic and they just want
to learn how to do what I do and one of
the things that I'll say is like that's
not that's you're not going to learn
that here what you're going to learn
here is self-discovery and that
self-discover that understanding of
yourself um that's what's going to be
the foundation of any kind of coaching
practice that you have and eventually
that expression of coaching is going to
be yours it's not going to be mine I'm
the only person who's going to coach the
way I do you're the only person who's
going to coach the way you do and we
might learn some skills or learn from
each other or
you know learn little things but the
real the real thing is the presence it's
the transmission if you will it's it's
like how are you with the person and and
what is what are your projections onto
them and your projections onto yourself
and
so that to me is really the the
foundation there's other schools of
coaching that are nothing like that
right there's other schools of coaching
which is like here's the skill set go
out and do it and it's all about like
creating accountability and it's all
about like uh having just a very clear
set of techniques that is not at all
what we're doing and it and nobody
should come and learn coaching from us
if that's what they want you that's not
it's not what we're here for yeah yeah
it's interesting so you just described
that you're teaching coaches and
facilitators as very similar to what
we're teaching all the students in our
programs so like what what is different
about what you teach coaches and
facilitators if anything from that from
that core
way of being yeah there's a couple thing
like so if some of our programs you know
we want the interpersonal Dynamics to
show up so that you can learn from those
interpersonal Dynamics um in the
coaching all the foundation of
everything is how do you get back to
unconditional love so that that's like
the the
foundation is what's your presence and
what do you need to do to get back to
unconditional love with yourself and
with the person that or the people that
you're with that's like
the critical
piece um and then how do you use that
coaching or facilitation as a as a road
to
self-discovery so for instance if I have
an authority issue I guarantee you that
I'm when I facilitate and I get in Fr
I'm gonna have people H you know certain
Authority things being in certain
Authority roles is going to is going to
twist me um having people question my
authority is going to twist me somebody
trying to take over The Authority in the
room is going to twist me all of which
is completely and Perfectly Natural and
all of which is some way that I get to
learn about myself some way that I get
to see what twists me and and and what I
need to love and what's left for me to
understand in myself so so so in that
way it's very very much the same the
difference is that we are
doing all of that with the with the like
oh an you're here to reflect for
somebody else and it's weird because
even if you look at our
Opening Our opening course right the
connection course it's a communication
course and it's like I've had coaches
take it and go oh my gosh I'm so much a
better Coach because I took that
course and you learn about yourself and
so to me I think in a weird way
everything that we do is you know a lot
of people say some of our work is like
meditation through inter personal work
it's like there's a connection piece to
it everything we do we learn we use that
interpersonal as one of the forms of
learning so it's it's hard to say the
difference except for there are some
skills that we we teach but we do that
not first not second but way down the
line do we get to the skills yeah yeah
and I noticed that's also been in sort
of the way that the the work is marketed
too you haven't been marketing this ever
as here's a coaching training program or
even that we have a coaching and
training program to the public this this
episode is the first time we're actually
talking about that yes that's right and
so what are what are the reasons for
that for you um I'm not really I think
part of it is I'm not you know if
somebody really wants to be a coach
coach is like one of those things that
it's like it's a one of those rockstar
careers it's like I want to be a rock
star and there's a lot of reasons
that'll draw you into being a rockstar
that will blow your world up you know
like I just want all the attention and
then you get all the attention it's like
whoa what the hell am I you know and
then I got to take drugs to feel blah
blah blah blah you know there's it's the
same thing it's something that a lot of
people want for some
reason uh but they don't know what it
actually is and they don't know like
what will blow them up in it and and so
I'm a little bit tentative to say oh if
you want to be a coach I want to help
you it's um more
of finding those people or having the
people find us that it's like that's
their calling they can't they just have
to do that thing um they're moving into
that direction and they can't which is
more of the way that it worked for me
far more the way that it worked for Tara
so I think that's one of the reasons so
that this is just something that
generally people find it's why you have
to do our courses know our work even to
think about a coaching program so that's
part of it and then like more
specifically give you some examples some
some folks they really want to be a
coach because they want to like save
people right like they have they had a
role in their family of being the Savior
their job was to emotionally take care
of a alcoholic parent like my case um
and so like and now I'm going to make a
career out of doing that well that's
incredibly dangerous for yourself first
of all because you're not focusing on
your wants and your needs and it's also
incredibly dangerous for the other
person because if you're saving people
if you actually coach from that place
you're making people into victims right
you're if you're like oh I'm I'm here to
save you it means you can't save
yourself and
so and I would say a lot of folks come
to coaching for that reason another
reason that people come to coaching is
because it's like intimacy except for it
doesn't have the risk you know like like
there's this deep intimacy happens when
you coach someone when I coach someone
but there's not the risk that you have
like say with your marriage and so
there's a way for people to get a
surrogate of intimacy and feel that
connection but they don't actually have
the risk that's also quite dangerous um
for a number of reasons both for the
person doing
it uh another great example that brings
people into coaching is because they
want to be seen as the person who knows
[__] right and then that's dangerous
because then you're
teaching yeah you're teaching people to
give the wisdom so there's a number of
things that bring people into coaching
these are three of them that will hurt
others will hurt that will HT end up
hurting you if you're coaching and and
so I I really want to be very specific
about who we train and so that means we
know them that we've experienced them
we've seen how they show up in the work
we know their capacity to be vulnerable
and their capacity to have intimacy
those are all really important things to
us because if I have only a certain
amount of time that I get to work in the
world and I want
to create um things that work right like
I I say to um companies all the time I I
won't come into to your company unless I
know I can be
successful um because I know there's a
hundred places I can be successful and
where I can make have an impact so
that's where I'm going going to go and
it's the same with coaching people I
really want to work with people
who are deeply committed to their
self-awareness over being a
coach yeah so so what are some of the
kind of foundational ingredients
here uh like I I'm imagining you sort of
being like a sushi chef and people want
to come learn how to make sushi with you
and you're like okay like let's see how
you make the rice let's see how you make
the
Dashi what are what are the foundational
things that you're looking for um or
that can be built for somebody who wants
to be a coach and also maybe wants to
become aware of the aspects of
themselves that would be dangerous in
coaching if they weren't
aware how does that how does that
work so I think the most important
ingredient is commitment to
self-awareness commitment to um learning
to be unconditional unconditionally
loving it's our first thing that that's
that's your Prim Ary commitment over
being a coach over helping people over
having a name over being on a podcast
like that's the number one
commitment second ingredient is
recognizing your presence means more
than your
skills um how do I listen how am I with
you how how open is my heart like that
that
is the found the the foundation
technique so to speak is the The View
mindset and and so that's really
critical next really critical piece is
listening to
yourself learning to pay attention to
the internal call in the
moment listen to the thing that feels
wrong or right in the moment to to say
the thing that wants to be said even if
it's scary in the moment it's like being
able to hear yourself and follow that
even if your mind is telling
you you shouldn't say that because it's
like a very rare coaching session where
there's some point where I'm just like
holy [__] am I about to say that and
then I say it and usually those are some
of the best things to say so that's
another that's and then there's some
technique you know there's a little bit
of technique but without all that other
stuff the technique can just be
dangerous um and there's plenty of other
places people can learn the technique um
so that's another ingredient is just
like how you hold the knife to go with
the sushi
metaphor um and then I would say that
the the F the final ingredient
is it's it's a hard thing to describe
but it's to it's either
to understand that there's nothing
special about you or it is to own your
narcissism it's two different ways to
explain the same thing but it is
especially when you go into facilitation
especially when you go into teaching
it's so
necessary for you not to put yourself
above
anybody it's so
necessary and um and it's so necessary
to realize that you want to be special
and that you want to be heard and you
want people to say thank you and like
that that is like a natural beautiful
part of the
process and not to be in your head
saying I don't understand why all these
people come to me to like get coaching
like I don't know why that is it's like
yeah I know why that is I understand the
power that I hold here I can be in that
and I can still recognize that I am not
special that that essentially I'm not
better than anybody essentially I still
have my own lessons to be learning and
that combin ation is really really
really really critical for for great
coaching and so and and like you know
one of the first parts of of if anybody
wants to coach with us the first pro
program is all about just being like the
presence the first year is like all
about
presence it's that it's a dedication to
just how do you show up how do you
listen yeah yeah so what are what would
you say are the steps
for let's say let's say you found
somebody with
uh kind of Foundations in place they've
owned their narcissism they are in it
for their
self-awareness they're steeped in this
particular approach in this particular
work in a in a way and uh what
are what kind of steps would you take
somebody through in a coaching and
facilitation
training yeah so the first thing is it
it's really uh I think often in that
order that I just described so um I
don't think I think the gate is are you
here for your self-development or are
you here to coach and if the if it's
you're here to coach it's not a fit
obviously I I probably haven't
identified that right every time but so
that's that's a that's like kind of the
gate and then the first thing is really
how how is their presence how well do
they listen can how well do they
recognize and then this would be the
first thing to teach is just the way
that they show up determines more about
how the person across from them is going
to show up how the World shows up than
anything else and so how do you just
stay focused on that so and back to the
sushi metaphor it's like I think there's
some famous story about someone like you
know spending 10 years just making the
rice perfect you know what I mean some
it's like that is the first step and
then we start working on all the other
stuff and
after so something like like when they
start seeing that they're not special
and all the other pieces are in place
then we might talk about like how to
facilitate and start um and how to maybe
even like start creating exercises and
and how to facilitate rooms because it
gets exponentially harder when you're in
a room with a whole bunch of folks and
you have a and you have an agenda which
you need as a facilitators is so when
you do the
facilitation you need to do all that
other stuff and be able to be there
present owning all that stuff and you
need to be able to say okay this is what
we're doing okay I'm the authority in
the room okay here's the
exercise it's like as you know from your
recent experience like I see the smile
on your face it's no easy feet to pull
that all off you know so um and to do it
well to do it in a way that really is
empowering for everybody body in the
yeah I particularly appreciate it when
we're doing something like the reunion
where there's a dynamic where there's a
number of groups and like myself and
other other coaches and AOA and
facilitators are facilitating those
groups and you're facilitating us in a
process while we're facilitating the
groups and then when something goes kind
of sideways in one of the groups we come
back through and then like somehow
you're holding you and Tera are holding
all of that and yeah there's this like
beautiful just like multi-layered
learning that's happening yeah and you
know we we often say things like oh this
dumpster fire is not going to stoke
itself because like we're working
through our own like okay is how's this
exercise going to work in this group
how's this Dynamic going to work out
with this person
um and there's a i i notic one thing
that that occurs when there's when
there's a brand and there's an
organization is that there's like a
standard and whether it's a standard
that set by you or it's a standard
that's set by individual coaches and
facilitators um like those of us who are
doing the work here that we're like
wanting to make sure that things go well
for the brand and you know that we don't
do something wrong and like what is what
what is uh how does that work for you
when you're when you're training coaches
and facilitators that are working in the
modality that you created and also
sometimes completely out of sight from
you how how do you track what's going on
in the in the community yeah it's a
great question I you know I love it when
[__] goes Haywire so I don't love it
when someone breaks up principle like if
some if one of our folks started yelling
at somebody
or couldn't get back to excuse me
couldn't back get back to unconditional
love that's one thing but if a dumpster
fire starts that's [__] great like
I'd be I'd be very happy if you know
five people went out to facilitate
something and they're just like that
went horribly wrong I would be like
great maybe not great for the students
that's you know that would make me sad
but I know I will have much better
facilitators on the other end of that um
things have gone things go horribly
wrong when you facilitate from time to
time um and and I think for me this
dumpster fire is not going to sto Stoke
itself um really reminds me that I'm not
here to make it work I'm here to be
present with what the hell is
happening and I'm here to
to to not look for a result as much as
look for how am I going to be in this
moment with these
people and and it reminds me of that and
be and the more I'm reminded of that the
more I let go of the results the better
the results typically are because I'm
not fighting people I'm not forcing I'm
I'm I'm following the
river and and I and I think that's what
allows me to do I know that's what
allows me to do stuff that feels
remarkable inside of companies is
because I'm I'm just I'm am at the
foundational level how am I listening
how am I being with these people what am
I hearing what's going on what are the
patterns I'm seeing yeah it feels like
how do I reflect them in myself say
again I mean it feels like that is the
teaching of the entire body of work here
through whatever role someone is in
correct whether they're a CEO in a
course learning like what are they what
are they learning how to be present with
the moment with whatever is happening in
the team and with the company yeah and
and listen to their truth and react to
it that's right yeah that's right yeah
so th those moments are some of the most
beautiful in in a dynamic when something
goes haywire and something blows up and
that's like it can be the most beautiful
I remember that like the classic story
of this is we had three groups running
at the same time two of them were super
functional one of them was going
completely
South we had a plan okay what are we
going to do and we're like two groups
are ready for our next step and one
group is not so crap we sat down what
are we gonna do and we just said okay
we're gonna just witness group dynamic
and we took the dysfunctional group
dynamic and we put them last and we put
functional group dynamic first so that
group sat in the middle everybody sat
around and watched
them
process and I remember the look on the
dysfunctional group's face like is this
a [__] joke was the first look and
then the second and then the second look
you remember you were there yeah and
then the second look was like oh [__]
this is possible this is [__] this is
possible and by the time it became their
turn it was just like their dysfunction
was over they just boom they just felt
they said oh we can do that and they
just fell into that mhm that only came
that beautiful moment only came because
[__] went
South and so the most beautiful moments
I've ever had facilitating are when
things have gone South yeah another
thing you know coming back to in within
a coaching session as well if you're
coaching to a to a technique or a
particular skill then you don't have the
space for that to happen that's or when
it does happen you don't know what to do
don't to be with yourself or be with the
situation yeah unless if you do then
that's where magic happens right if
someone argues with me in a coaching
session I'm like oh cool someone like
cries cool some you know whatever
there's no result that I'm looking for
I'm just like what's happening how can I
be with you yeah yeah and so that that's
that's the thing
yeah yeah so so what do you see as your
commitment to somebody that you're
training this is a good one I think I
get a little I think I get a little like
it gets a little gray area for me
here um my commitment whenever I work
with anybody directly whether I'm
coaching and I say this to all the like
Executives that I coach which
is uh if I coach you I don't stop
coaching you as long as you do the
work you run out of money I still coach
you you get fired I still coach you as
long as you're committed as long as you
continue to com be committed to
discovering yourself and doing the inner
work I'm with
you I'm I feel the exact same way about
anybody who who starts into the coaching
program as long as they're doing the
work I I will continue working with them
um if I've if if I've committed to them
right that's doesn't mean anybody's in
the program but if I'm like really
committed to teaching somebody in there
like part of the ecosystem then that's
that's my commitment to them my the
other side of my commitment to them is
that I am not here to please them like
I'm here to point out what they're
missing and um and then let that
resonate or not resonate as it sees fit
my I am here to follow what I see they
need like so for when I mean that for
instance like somebody recently came to
us and was like
I want to like start facilitating like
ground Breakers I'm I'm making it up a
little bit but I want to start like
creating and programming my own ground
Breakers and this person
was I don't know like two years in the
program or something like that like ju
hadn't done any coaching hadn't done any
facilitating training yet
and and my response was
like what's the hurry what what is it
that you're after what what's the thing
that you're trying to undo or do
by like what's the and then and then
pointing
out some of the pitfalls and some of the
things that I saw in this person you
know like oh I noticed that like in your
company that you started you got this
thing where a whole bunch of people were
dependent on you and then you were
resentful how if at all is that pattern
repeating
here it's not to be like oh you're my
um if my commitment is not you're my
customer and my job is to keep you happy
in a coaching
program if anything my job is to piss
you off in a coaching program um like
I'm here to be a ref to be a mirror
because that's the most effective way
that you get to see yourself clearly to
do it with love and to do it with
gentleness and and not be an [__]
about it but it is to do that it is to
point out when people are missing
stuff
[Music]
um and not assume that I know but uh
letting them see what resonates and
feels and what they're ready to tackle
yeah so it's you know so again it's not
like a here's a ladder you're going to
do this and then you're going to do this
and once you perfect this it's very much
working because the way that the human
system works is that it's like one coach
has like almost everything figured out
except for they're still trying to save
people and another coach has almost
everything figured out except for they
keep on not saying the risky thing and
one coach has everything figured out but
you know keeps on trying to um show
value like it it's so much more based on
our personality than it is based on on
some sort of like steps and levels and
process like specific progress yeah so
that's my commitment yeah yeah and I
guess a a lot of that brings up the
question of like who holds that role for
you because if you have an organization
or like a
uh some kind of school where there's
somebody somebody at the top who's
holding the teacher role and they're
pointing things out in other people and
that's the that's the job that's what
what's happening here that's what people
are coming for yeah and like who points
back to you for your BL spots I one of
the things that I I'll just sidebar for
a second one of the things that I love
about working with you is just seeing
how like there's so many times where
like I see you hit your Edge and then
you move through it and that makes me
feel safe being being a coache or a
trainee with you yeah yeah and also like
who who holds that role for
you well uh there's a lot of people
there's a lot of people hold that role
for me and some exciting new people
coming online so I definitely I have a
coach that I work with and then I have
Tara obviously doesn't let me get away
with [__] my girls are both of my
teenage daughters definitely will point
out anytime that they see and and very
very readily point out if I'm missing
something that they see um I have a very
good relationship with the the people
come into the office where they'll tell
me what I'm missing consistently like I
like a a group of people who do that um
and what's starting to happen is you
know as we've been working you and I
have been working together now for
whatever it is five seven years
something and
um and more and more that's starting to
happen too what's more and more starting
to happen is the people that I've been
working with in a long time who are in
the coaching program are also like if
something feels wonky they point it out
and say hey this feels wonky what's
going on and we work it through together
so to me all of that stuff is important
and I have a couple other mentors that
I'll call up occasionally and and ask
but to me the most important thing and
and that and the platform that I want to
grow is all
about um just a community of practice of
people in which everybody is actually a
true partner which means
everybody's not everybody everybody on
the platform or like the the the Council
of coaches if you
will um they're all bringing their form
of coaching they're all bringing their
form of wisdom into classes they're
bringing their classes into the world as
you just recently did
um they're all tending towards the
business caring for the business and
it's and it's done in a
partnership um because if if my mission
is our mission I would say is to
openhearted unconditional loving
empowerment like creating a world that's
like that it's partnership is that it's
not
employee relation you know it's not boss
and employee it's partnership and so I
really want want to create that in that
scene you know in that coaching world so
all that stuff is part of it and I'm
also just and and like you like I said
one of the main things to have anybody
come in part of it is are they committed
to their own self-awareness and so if I
am doing something and I feel a lot of
constriction I feel the emotional bomb
go off I feel that I'm triggered I do my
work that's my commitment to me which is
the same commitment I hold for every
body that I work with directly which is
like we do our work and so and I'm I'm
lucky enough on the path at the point in
a path where like getting triggered I
can't be un I can't go it it doesn't go
unnoticed it's not like oh I got
triggered I'm just GNA ignore that it's
like no I got triggered that's work
maybe not today maybe in a month but
it's work and it's G to it's going to be
addressed obviously still have blind
spots and I count on a ton of people to
point those out to me
yeah and I love hearing about the vision
one a couple things that I didn't hear
about the vision is that like the vision
is to train coaches and then send them
out into the wild there's like a
community of practice kind of building
component to the vision can you speak
more to to that yeah I I mean I'm sure
some of the folks that we're gonna like
that are going to train are going to go
out and do their own thing I think
that's great um but what I my my my
My Hope and we'll see if this is like
possible but my hope is more of like a
contained open source environment
so you are doing this work you're
putting a tremendous amount of time into
your self-awareness you also come with
this action sports background and this
relationship to
fear you created this
teaching about fear where people like
went out into the desert and jumped off
cliffs together I couldn't have done
that that couldn't have come from me
that could only come from
you Mark who many people probably know
he's just he has so
much understanding of his physical body
right potentially one day Mark does like
how to enjoy being healthy you like a
physical like I can't wait w he could do
that I could not do that he could do
that like his style is going to be
different his style is different than
mine Janine and her martial arts like
there's so many things that that I can't
bring to the table and and so the
question is like how do we create a
platform
where
everybody in due time when they're
ready if they've done their work can
show up
and and be on this platform called Art
of accomplishment or whatever the
platform becomes and support each other
both in a and then their own
self-discovery and business as a
spiritual
practice and and put their expression
out into the
world and and do it in such a way so
that everybody financially benefits
everybody's in financial abundance like
that that's the vision and and when I'm
done when I'm like okay I'm out of here
or dead or whatever the hell
happens that it just continues going
maybe it doesn't go even with anything
that I ever taught you know maybe like
maybe the podcast is gone and the
connection course is gone great but
there's this community that constantly
changes and
evolves and and supports one another and
feels grateful like to me the most
important thing and the reason I would
not do this is if we can't find a way to
do it where everybody's grateful oh I'm
so grateful to be on the platform I'm so
grateful to contribute to the platform
I'm so so grateful for the people I get
to work with like I I want that's the
way the the like the business side of
this thing works and that's the way I
want this platform to work is just that
gratitude and digging in when people get
triggered yeah yeah that yeah yeah yeah
let's hope we can do
it we're running some good experiments
it's gonna be it's gonna be something
it's gonna be fun whatever it is this
dumpster Fire won't Stoke
itself totally it all could go horribly
wrong that's right I mean things have
never gone horribly wrong before with
like groups of people doing a lot of
self-development together and business
yeah never before never never that's
never happened yeah exactly yeah I think
the to me and and the interesting thing
about it is at the more I'm like the
more I'm in you know you you're
constantly learning and I'm constantly
learning so you know in the beginning I
thought teaching was like explaining
everything to everybody all at once and
it's and it's not
it's learn one thing stay focused on
that one thing then learn the next thing
um there's similarly it's it's just
like actually having like a like taking
your time and having a process of of
seeing who wants to do what and
following that and then having a place
for different folks to go it's like some
folks are going to really want to just
start their own thing it's like great go
start your own thing and some folks are
really GNA want
to just do it so that they learn and
they never actually really even want to
coach right but they but they somehow
are they pulled to this and then they
just use it to be a better CEO we've had
that that happen and some folks are
going to want to be a part of the
platform and and it's really important
to be able to create roads for that
expression out in the world but also to
make sure that we're
being
um
very
um we're very clear about who can be a
part of it and who cannot be right like
any platform what I notice is quality is
really really important and so it's
really important not not to be exclusive
but to like this
platform it wants a tremendous amount of
diversity but it doesn't want diversity
of like well half of the people don't
really care about their own personal
work everybody on the platform really
needs to care about
that and so and so that's been the hard
part of learning it is to say no to
people is really a heartbreaker for me
never thought that would be such a
heartbreaker but it's a real
Heartbreaker for me to see somebody who
wants it but it's just like yeah that's
not what we're building here that's
that's hard it's really hard or to say I
see that you you know you've been this
very successful
CEO and you want to coach other CEOs and
I know there's a ton of people who will
give you that job and and you'll make a
lot of money but we just think you need
to listen for a
year like yeah and then the Heartbreak
of just having limited spaces available
oh God yeah we had to say no to so many
people this year and it just sucked it
was definitely like tar and I totally
mourned that process there's people that
we really wanted to have on it and then
yeah so the pla hopefully if we continue
to take our time and do this right the
platform will become bigger and bigger
and be able to accommodate more and more
people yeah so to close I have to ask
the questions that are going to come in
as a result of releasing this
conversation great if somebody wants to
be trained as a coach or
facilitator yeah by the art of
accomplishment by you and Tera yeah yeah
what what is your advice to them what do
our courses to say do our courses and
participate full
on like be in it to win
it show up be
vulnerable do the work dig
in show that the number one thing you're
interested in is developing
yourself to of understanding excuse me
it's not developing it's understanding
yourself show that that is your number
one like you
are um Relentless in that
Pursuit gentle yes but Relentless that's
the thing that that is the number
one the the number one piece um if you
if you watch
if you watch some of my rapid fire
coaching s and you're like oh I want to
be able to do
that that it like we're not the place
for
you or check into what that impulse is
yes I had that impulse as I still
sometimes get that impulse when I watch
your coaching I'm like I want to be able
to do that and like what is the tracing
that back to like what is the desire
there like what is it that I want to be
able to do like yeah fair fair right
yeah that's fine yeah if it's of
self-awareness I want the level of
emotional fluidity I want to be able to
feel what's going on in a room yeah I
want that
yeah yes that's fair I think if there's
some recognition underneath yeah I'm not
suggesting by any chance any any any way
to like sublimate a want but just
like be in it for the self-awareness and
and and be self-aware in that want
that's a great way to put it yeah thanks
for that
correction awesome yeah thank you Joe
yeah pleasure pleasure thank you and
thank you everybody for listening uh if
you like this episode please send it to
a friend share it around find us on X
send us some questions let us know what
you would love to hear us talk about and
we'll do it all right take care thank
you